"There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it." - 1 Corinthians 10:13, KJV
"Never esteem of anything as profitable, which shall ever constrain thee either to break thy faith, or to lose thy modesty; to hate any man, to suspect, to curse, to dissemble, to lust after anything, that requireth the secret of walls or veils." - Marcus Aurelius, Meditations, book III
"Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us, looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God." - Hebrews 12:1-2, KJV
"How happy is man in this his power that hath been granted unto him: that he needs not do anything but what God shall approve, and that he may embrace contentedly, whatsoever God doth send unto him? " - Marcus Aurelius, Meditations, book XII
"There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare." - Sun Tzu, The Art of War, chapter II
"Thus it is that in war the victorious strategist only seeks battle after the victory has been won, whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights and afterwards looks for victory." - Sun Tzu, The Art of War, chapter IV
"He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loveth abundance with increase: this is also vanity." - Ecclesiastes 5:10, KJV
"For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. (For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;) Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ" - 2 Corinthians 10:3-5, KJV
"Mingled is love \ when a man can speak \ To another all his thought; \ Nought is so bad \ as false to be, \ No friend speaks only fair." - anonymous, Havamal, stanza 124
"Seek never to win \ the wife of another, \ Or long for her secret love." - anonymous, Havamal, stanza 115
"A better burden \ may no man bear \ For wanderings wide than wisdom; \ It is better than wealth \ on unknown ways, \ And in grief a refuge it gives." - anonymous, Havamal, stanza 10
"A better burden \ may no man bear \ For wanderings wide than wisdom; \ Worse food for the journey \ he brings not afield \ Than an over-drinking of ale." - anonymous, Havamal, stanza 11
"If evil thou knowest, \ as evil proclaim it, \ And make no friendship with foes." - anonymous, Havamal, stanza 127
"None so good is found \ that faults he has not, \ Nor so wicked that nought he is worth." - anonymous, Havamal, stanza 133
"Curse not thy guest, \ nor show him thy gate, \ Deal well with a man in want." - anonymous, Havamal, stanza 135
